prepare 1.28 (#1455)
deltachat/deltachat-ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Delta Chat iOS Changelog

## v1.28.0
2022-01

* add option to create encrypted database at "Add Account",
  the database passphrase is generated automatically and is stored in the system's keychain,
  subsequent versions will probably get more options to handle passphrases
* add writing support for supported mailinglist types; other mailinglist types stay read-only

> * add an option to define a background image that us used in all chats then :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add an option to define a background image that is used in all chats then :)
```

* "Message Info" show routes
* add "Search" and "Mute" as separate buttons to the chat profiles

> * the connectivity status now als show if notification work as expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the connectivity status now also shows if notifications work as expected
```

* improve accessibility for the chat requests button bar
* show chat title in delete confirmation dialog
* speed up opening chats
* explicit "Watch Inbox folder" and "Watch DeltaChat folder" settings no longer required;
  the folders are watched automatically as needed
* to safe traffic and connections, "Advanced / Watch Sent Folder" is disabled by default;
  as all other IMAP folders, the folder is still checked on a regular base
* detect correctly signed messages from Thunderbird and show them as such
* synchronize Seen status across devices
* more reliable group memberlist and group avatar updates
* recognize MS Exchange read receipts as such
* fix leaving groups
* fix unread count issues in account switcher
* fix scroll-down button for chat requests
* add Bulgarian translations, update other translations and local help
* update provider-database
* update to core74

> 

Reviewer: * fix layout issues of the chat message input bar in phone's landscape orientation
* semi-transparent chat input bar at the bottom of the chat view
